hi my name is andreychuk maxim and
today in the hotline video we will meet
with a smartphone qumo quest 454 well
can offer the user a smartphone
price of $ 200 and see all
recognize the smartphone comes in simple
boxes in which, in addition to the smartphone
the user will find
minimum documentation and usb
1 amp cable and charger
and simple wired headset
smartphone design simplicity candy bar out
plastic with rounded ends and
sidewalls on the front face is
peephole frontal 2 megapixel
camera light proximity sensor
conversational dynamics and bright
led that reports missed
calls and low battery
the central part takes 4 and a half
inch ips screen below it is 4
touch home menu control buttons
back and the last train is very rare
found in modern smartphones
here we run a search for Yandex on
the bottom end is located connector
micro microphone and main microphone hole
on the top headphone jack and button
inclusions
paired volume button
located on the left side
right side are empty on the back
lens can be detected on the side
main camera framed wide
plastic ring
painted in chrome and inscribed with him
LED flash hole of the second
microphone and external speaker physical
control buttons have minimal moves
does not protrude above the body
they require a little getting used gloss
the back cover is quickly covered
fingerprints and scratches
on sale there is a device with white
back cover with which these disadvantages
should be less noticeable by removing the back
cover user gets access to
2000 milliamp battery and slot
for two standard sized SIM cards and
memory cards replace them without removing
battery fails
smartphone running
operating system android 4 1 2
standard interfaces changed from screen
lock available quick start
cameras and assistant google nau in status
row added mode switches
display work of wireless modules
sound modes as
user interface
I can use the shell index l
create folders by dragging and dropping
application labels on each other and themselves
folders have two types of display
standard and advanced in which
The first 3 applications in the folder are available for
quick launch
the user can change the amount
desktops on your own
available desktops with
pre-installed fullscreen
widgets for many Yandex services
special viewing mode available
desktop with spectacular animation under
name carousel
application menu is divided into four
tabs 1 with applications and 3 s
various app widgets can
quickly add to your desktop or
remove the settings menu are standard and for
exception item for setting work
sim cards
here you can set the default settings
which sim card to use for
voice call messaging and transmission
data
The phone has two applications for
making calls one standard
containing two call send keys
the second of the shell to work with him
You can set a special timeout when
making a call will appear
popup window which can be selected
which sim card to make a call
The sms application also contains two
keys to send messages with
various sim cards qumo quest 454
works on the basis of the system on the chip
qualcomm snapdragon s4 play four cores
cortex a5 operate at 1 2
gigahertz
used video accelerator adreno 203
the amount of RAM is one
megabyte embedded four of them
available to the user about one and a half
another 900 megabytes allocated for installation
applications
Well, that the manufacturer has provided
ability to install applications on
external memory card compensates for this
small amount of internal storage
used platform demonstrates
average benchmark results
with daily use
there is enough performance
desktops scrolling fast
application starts with normal
speed can not play
resource demanding and where to work
DPS does not cause complaints device quickly
finds satellites and connects to them
2000 milliamp hour battery
sure enough for a day job at
moderate loads
you follow me the speaker has
medium volume headphone sound
qualities
managed to figure out an awkward feature
designs micro usb connectors it is planted
deeper than usual and attached in
bundled cable has a longer
plug should be treated with care
because charging or connecting
computer other cable can
prove problematic
ip quim quest screen 454
one of its advantages video drove
four and a half inches it has
960 by 540 pixels screen resolution
has a wide range of adjustment
brightness maximum viewing angles and
pleasant natural color rendering
main camera has a resolution of 8
megapixels and autofocus
image quality is highly dependent on
lighting conditions and but logically different
budget camera front camera
can be used for video calling in
the qumo quest 454 is a budget
a smart phone with a good screen and
economical platform although it turned out
not without flaws
it can be recommended
users who do not want
overpay for unnecessary
functionality